Switch cri-o to system proxy configuration (#679)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/deployment-preparation.adoc

.Using a Proxy Server
====

> Sometimes, you need a proxy server to be able to connect to the SUSE Customer Center.

Reviewer: You can replace `SUSE Customer Center` with the `{scc}` entity.

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you need a proxy server to be able to connect to the {scc}.
```
Like that?
